well here we have it after a long long
wait Seminole Wars for the iOS for iOS
has been released it came out yesterday
in the UK which is the 4th of July is a
very very swish app very very nice and
the menu system is excellent you can see
it moves around well we have a nice rule
book which is actually pretty good as
well that's right to turn the pages the
artwork is exactly the same as the board
game itself you can actually view all
the cards if need be you know what what
each person does if you don't actually
aim the physical game I actually there's
an in-app store I've already bought the
whole bundle because it was 5 pounds
over there was like 69 P for each one
each deck or you could just buy the
bundle for 5 pound 50 I think it was so
I just bought the entire bundle you can
play single-player games offline I've
got one going there against the sneaks
how am i doing I think he's got no cards
left in his hand you can see there it
got zero on his green it's magic he's
holding three in his discard pile is 14
you see this is the AI this is the
computer taking shots first three hits
on that one oh just lost my hero and the
big boy
two hits there
and this is endgame and and this is this
is what you're presented when you're
putting the game against the pewter
which is the same as when you're playing
online the preachers out how these
increased way to one wind is removed it
goes through the same phases so here on
the right we've got so in phase how much
I got to magic so I could have a priest
on Archer I just bring an orator in just
for the sake of it it's been next to one
of my walls which is exactly the same is
crack him so I put it down your payment
side of the thing you can see my two
magic was taken and I'm going to end my
summon phase and now it's my event phase
so I can remove a wound on one of my
Commons so mezzo dose him take the wings
off of that guy in order play this event
card my priests attack value is
increased so as I play that as well I
see as if I we went up to three and if I
can make his badly five mmm not believe
it is that so I'm gonna end my event
phase are you sure you one hand yeah now
is my movement phase or maybe my there
to shoot left she can I take that one he
can attack that one that's okay and my
movement phase mist rolled to get rid of
that one he's a pain finally got rid of
that one and that was five magic that
was dead and II let's get rid of that
one right - always some Annette come on
and that deal with magic no hold on to
him and that's that that's done
oh go there against the sneaks and I was
like the futures go that you can see him
moving very very very nice production
values you can see the way the menus
move around really really good stuff
from play deck my game listed a minute
no actually if you see my record there
so far the game come by last night what
my on completed seven games I've got one
game in progress I've lost three one for
two average in a minute it's quite a
hard those questions there's some good
players I there I've got one giving
progress there against uh on the dwarfs
and not doors
Odin I think it is and the guy I'm
playing is I'm not on the ice do does
and the guy I'm playing is Odin yeah
it's his go you can see there's a red
circle against his name which means he's
not online and they have a total of
seven days to play the entire game and
forth it obviously but if you go back to
the lobby online we can find the game
and there's lots like searching for
games three days 30 minutes 30 minutes
just means that the game time is in
total 30 minutes every time you actually
make a move so you can't spend 10
minutes making a move
Tiki dude and so if we select a game
against him 30 minute game you can
choose you want to be because I bought
water decks for a fiver I'll be the
zombie reptile loose like the deck join
very very very well-put-together is
superb game list and now you can see I'm
waiting for that person to start the
game when they do I get a little
notification saying game started but
basically that's it some of the wars on
the iOS
very very good free free design load I
think you get a couple of offline
fractions but I just purchased a whole
lot is 69p upper a summoner 69p for the
common unit so it I think is about one
plane eighty or so
- by a faction deck complete for a
5-pound well you know I would pay that
for a cup of coffee in a sandwich hey
guys that was just a quick overview of
summon Horrors on iOS oh by the way
there is the iPhone version it's okay if
guess it gets a bit hard to see there's
some a bit of focus should we is it
because it's locked into game server it
synchronizes we saw my game list just
appears the two games that I've got
going on the iPad are also up here on my
phone because it's the same game center
account but it is I don't know it seems
a bit harder to play on the iPhone if I
start a new game against the AI anybody
to do and obviously you can see that the
icons are a lot smaller and playable and
you get a full view of the cards and
what there's something you know what
their values are but it's I prefer it on
the iPad I probably would pay to lit
play this though if I was traveling and
I had a notification saying it was my
turn I probably would just crack out the
iPhone and do it anyway guys enjoy